docs: add documentation on snapshot uniqueness (#2138)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: docs/snapshotting/snapshot-support.md

this information can include identifiers, random numbers and random number
seeds, as well as cryptographic tokens. Without a strong mechanism that enables
users to guarantee that unique things stay unique across snapshot restores, we
consider resuming execution from the same state more than once insecure.

#### Usage examples

##### Example 1: secure usage (currently in dev preview)

```
Boot microVM A -> ... -> Create snapshot S -> Terminate
                                           -> Load S in microVM B -> Resume -> ...
```

Here, microVM A terminates after creating the snapshot without ever resuming
work, and a single microVM B resumes execution from snapshot S. In this case,
unique identifiers, random numbers, and cryptographic tokens that are meant to
be used once are indeed only used once.

##### Example 2: potentially insecure usage

```
Boot microVM A -> ... -> Create snapshot S -> Resume -> ...
                                           -> Load S in microVM B -> Resume -> ...
```

Here, both microVM A and B do work staring from the state stored in snapshot S.
Unique identifiers, random numbers, and cryptographic tokens that are meant to

> be used once may be used twice. It doesn't matter if microVM A is terminated

Reviewer: I think this needs more detail about the risks of duplicating cryptographic tokens/entropy and how this lowers the security posture or can break a system in the case of duplicated unique identifiers.

Author: Makes sense, I can add one example for a uniqueness issue (e.g., duplicated identifier committed to a database), and one for a reuse of a random seed.

Author: I ended up adding a statement that this type of usage is insecure, since adding more clear examples is quite tricky and would need a much more extensive list.

before microVM B resumes execution from snapshot S or not.

##### Example 3: potentially insecure usage
```
Boot microVM A -> ... -> Create snapshot S -> ...
                                           -> Load S in microVM B -> Resume -> ...
                                           -> Load S in microVM C -> Resume -> ...
                                           [...]
```

> Here both microVM B and C do work starting from the state stored in snapshot S.

Reviewer 2: nit
```suggestion
Here, both microVM B and C do work starting from the state stored in snapshot S.
```

Author: Ack.

> Unique identifiers, random numbers, and cryptographic tokens that are meant to

Reviewer: I think you can also add the guest entropy pool here which also gets duplicated.

Author: Indeed, the state of the entropy pool at the time of the snapshot. Will add.

be used once may be used twice. It doesn't matter at which points in time
microVMs B and C resume execution, or if microVM A terminates or not after the
snapshot is created.

#### Reusing snapshotted states securely

We are currently working to add a functionality in Firecracker that will notify

> guest operating systems of the snapshot event. To enable secure reuse of
> snapshotted microVM states, guest operating systems, language runtimes,
> cryptographic libraries, and in some cases user applications will need to be
> updated to recreate unique information right after a snapshot restore.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
guest operating systems of the snapshot event in order to enable secure reuse of
snapshotted microVM states, guest operating systems, language runtimes,
and cryptographic libraries. In some cases, user applications will need to be
updated to recreate unique information right after a snapshot restore.
```

Author: Ack.

> cryptographic libraries, and in some cases user applications will need to be
> updated to recreate unique information right after a snapshot restore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cryptographic libraries, and in some cases user applications will need handle
the snapshot create/restore events in such a way that the uniqueness and randomness properties are preserved and guaranteed before resuming the workload.
```

Author: Ok.

consider both microVMs insecure as soon as microVM A resumes execution.

##### Example 3: potentially insecure usage
```
Boot microVM A -> ... -> Create snapshot S -> ...
                                           -> Load S in microVM B -> Resume -> ...
                                           -> Load S in microVM C -> Resume -> ...
                                           [...]
```

Here, both microVM B and C do work starting from the state stored in snapshot S.
Unique identifiers, random numbers, and cryptographic tokens that are meant to
be used once may be used twice. It doesn't matter at which points in time
microVMs B and C resume execution, or if microVM A terminates or not after the
snapshot is created. In this example, we consider microVMs B and C insecure, and
we also consider microVM A insecure if it resumes execution.

#### Reusing snapshotted states securely

We are currently working to add a functionality that will notify guest operating
systems of the snapshot event in order to enable secure reuse of snapshotted
microVM states, guest operating systems, language runtimes, and cryptographic

> libraries. In some cases, user applications will need to handlethe snapshot

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
libraries. In some cases, user applications will need to handle the snapshot
```
